Use a vacuum cleaner to remove loose particles from seats, floors, carpets and curtains after cleaning and disinfecting.
Remove headcovers and pillow covers from seats, if applicable. 
Clean and disinfect cabin windows, window shades, dimmable window controls if applicable, sidewall lining and ceiling, including air nozzles.
Clean and disinfect magazine racks. 
Clean and disinfect interior and exterior of overhead bins, including handles. 
Remove all waste from seat pockets, arm rests, back rest pockets, shoe bins and seat lockers, then clean and disinfect.
Remove and replace literature and amenities as needed and arrange according to airline standards.
Clean and disinfect or replace emergency leaflets. 
Clean, disinfect and dry both sides of tray tables (including cocktail table if applicable) including locking mechanism.
For fabric seat covers, use vacuum cleaner to remove loose particles. For leather seat covers, wipe and ensure seats are dry.
Remove any visible stains on seats or request change in fabric. 
Clean and disinfect seat belts and buckles. 
Clean and disinfect arm rests In-flight Entertainment (IFE) screens and passenger control units (e.g., reading lights, air nozzles, IFE remote control, seat controls).
Clean and disinfect infant bassinets, extra seat belts and other amenities, if applicable. 
Dress the passenger seat to signify clean as per airline standards. 
Clean ventilation grids/grilles. 
Check care instructions: Always refer to the manufacturer's guidelines for specific cleaning recommendations, as different materials and coatings require different care.
Use mild and safe cleaning agents: Use lukewarm water and a mild detergent free of phosphates. 
For leather, use an approved leather cleaner, not harsh chemicals like ammonia or alcohol, which can strip color.
Clean with gentle methods:
For fabric: Apply the cleaner to a soft cloth or brush and gently wipe the surface. Avoid vigorous scrubbing.
For leather: Spray a small amount of cleaner onto a soft brush or pad and gently agitate the surface to create a foam. Wipe the dirt away with a clean, soft cloth.
Address stubborn stains: For tough stains, use an approved spot cleaner only.
Rinse thoroughly: Wipe the area down with a clean, damp cloth to remove any soap residue. Ensure all cleaning solution is removed from the surface.
Professional cleaning: If unsure, consider a professional cleaning service that is experienced in cleaning fire-retardant materials to avoid damage. 
